Add filters `|default`, `|assigned_or` and `|defined_or` (#425)
askama-rs/askama: book/src/filters.md

If you are fine with the default empty string for the singular, and you only want to set a
specific plural, then you can call the filter like `dog{{ count | pluralize(plural = "gies") }}`.

### assigned_or
[#assigned_or]: #assigned_or

```jinja
{{ variable_or_expression | assigned_or(fallback) }}

> {{ variable_or_expression | assigned_or(fallback) }}

Reviewer: duplicate line - needs to be fixed or state what's going on here.

```

If the variable on the left-hand side is in its "default" state, e.g. an empty `""` string,
a `0` integer, a `None` optional, or an `Err(_)` result, then the `fallback` value is printed.
Otherwise the value.

```jinja
{% let greeting = Some("Hello") %}

> {{ greeting.as_ref() | default("Hi", true) }}

Reviewer: should be 
```suggestion
{{ greeting.as_ref() | assigned_or("Hi") }}
```

-  a  -
```

### default
[#default]: #default

<ol><li>

```jinja
{{ variable | default(default_value) }}
```

Return a default value if a variable is undefined:

```jinja
{% let greeting = "Hello" %}
{{ greeting | default("Hi") }} 
```

Since the variable `greeting` is defined, the output is its value: `Hello`.
If you remove the variable:

```jinja
{{ greeting | default("Hi") }} 
```

then the output is the default value: `Hi`.
In this variant, on the left-hand side of the filter must be a variable name.

</li><li>

```jinja

> {{ variable_or_expression | default(default_value, true) }}

Reviewer: This sort of parameter without a name makes it difficult to understand a template worth reading the template docs. I'd been inclined to either:
1. Replace a naked bool parameter with an enum that self documents (that may look verbose here), or
2. Replace a bool with a second named method. E.g. default_if_undefined might be a good name for the false branch. Alternatively default_if_none / err

Author: I added a line that `{{ variable_or_expression | default(default_value, boolean = true) }}` works, too.

Reviewer: I'd still prefer explicit over implicit a bit. This is based on an assumption that the direction of askama is a jinja-like template library with natural rust idioms rather than a jinja compatible template library that adds rust conveniences. I'm not sure whether that assumption is correct however (intuitively I'd lean towards the former as being more useful)

As a single data point. Having not seen the jinja syntax for the `default` filter prior, even with the parameter named `boolean` in the CoPilot suggestion rather than the bare `true`, I still had no idea from reading it what that parameter meant or controlled seeing it for the first time. This suggests to me that it is poorly named in jinja, and something that we could make better pretty easily with good naming here.

-  a  -
```

### default
[#default]: #default

```jinja
{{ variable_or_expression | default(default_value) }}
{{ variable_or_expression | default(default_value, [[boolean =] true]) }}
```

This filter works like the Jinja filter of the same name.
If the second argument is not an boolean `true`, then the filter behaves like [`|defined_or`][#defined_or].

> If it is supplied and `true`, then the filter behaves like [`|assigned_or`][#assigned_or].

Reviewer: This should maybe describe how this works without having to link to the jinja / the other filters.

**This filter exists for compatibility with Jinja.

> You should use [`|defined_or`][#defined_or] and [`|assigned_or`][#assigned_or] directly instead.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Askama provides [`|defined_or`][#defined_or] and [`|assigned_or`][#assigned_or] which both better express the intention and should generally usually be used instead of this filter.**
```
